6.5
- 6.5.1 Default Arguments

Here provided a default for each parameter. A default argument is
specified as an initializer for a parameter in the parameter list. If
a parameter has a default argument, all the parameters that follow it
must also have default arguments.

````c++
  typedef string::size_type sz;
  string screen(sz ht = 24, sz wid = 80, char backgrnd =' ');
````

To use the default argument, we omit that argument when we call the
function.
Can call screen with 0, 1, 2, 3 arguments:

````c++
string window;
window = screen(); // screen(24,80,'')
window = screen(66) // screen(66,80,'')
window = screen(66,256) //screen(66,256,'')
window = screen(66,256,'#') //screen(66,256,'#')
````

The default arguments are used for the trailing(right-most) arguments
of a call

Part of the work of designing a function with default
arguments is ordering the parameters so that those least likely to use
a default appear first and those most likely to use a default appear
last.

-Default Argument Declarations

Each parameter can have its default specified only once in a given
scope.

````c++
//no default for the height or width parameters
string screen(sz,sz, char = ' ') 

string screen(sz,sz, char ='*') //error:redeclaration

string screen(sz = 24, sz = 80, char)  //ok: adds default
````
-Default Argument Initializers

Local Variable may not used as a default argument. A default argument
can be any expression that has a type is convertible to the type of
parameter

````c++

sz wd = 80;
char def = ' ';
sz ht();
string screen(sz=ht(), sz = wd, char = def);
string window = screen(); calls screen(ht(),80,'')

````

name used as default are resolved in the scope of the function declaration.


6.5.2 Inline and constexpr Function

Using function ensures uniform behavior

It's easier to change the function than find and change every
occurence of the equivlent.

The function can be reused rather than rewritten for other applications

Only Drawback: Calling a function is apt to be slower than evaluting
the equivalent expression. Need to do the following:
-Registers are saved before the call and restored after the return
-Arguments may be compied
-Program branches to a new lovation

Inline functions avoid function call overhead

A function specificed as inline is expanded "in line" at each call.
The funtime overhead of making shorterstring a function is thus removed.

````c++
cout<< (s1.size() < s2.size() ? s1 : s2)

//inline version inline const string & shorterString(const string &s1,
const string &s2){ return s1.size() <= s2.size() ? s1 : s2; }

````

inline mechanism is meant to optimze small, straight-line functions
that are called frequently. Many complier will not inline a recursive
function.

constexpr Functions

A function can be used in a constant expression. Like any other
function but must meet certain restrictions: Retrun type and the type
of each parameter in a must be a literal type, and function body must
contain excatly one return type.

````c++

constexpr int new_sz() { return 42; }
constexpr int foo = new_sz(); // ok: foo is a constant expression

````

defined new_sz as a constexpr that takes no arguments. The compiler
can verify at compile time that a call to new_sz returns a constant
expression, so we can use new_sz to initialize out constexpre
variable..

the compiler will replace a call to a constexpr function with its
resulting value. constexpr functions are implicaitly inline.

May contain other statements as long as those statements generate no
actions at run time. A constexpr function may contain null statements,
type aliases and using declarations.

A constexpr function is permitted to return a value that is not a
constant:
````c++
//scale(arg) is a constant expression if arg is a constant expression
constexpr size_t scale(size_t cnt) {return new_sz() * cnt}
````

The scale function will return a constant expression if its argument
is a constant expression but not otherwise:
````c++
int arr[scale(2)]; ok: scale(2) is a constant expression
int i = 2;  // i is not a constant expression
int a2[scale(i)]; // error: scale(i) is not a constant expression
````

When we pass a constant expression - such as the iteral 2 - such as on
the int object i - then the return is not a constant expression. If we
use scale in a ontext that requires a constant expression, the
compiler checks that the result is a constant expression. If it is
not, the conpiler will produce an error message.

A constexpr function is not required to return a constant expression.

Put inline and constexpr functions in header files

inline and constexpr functions may be defined multiple times in the
program. The compiler needs the definitions, not just the declaration,
in order to expand the code. All of the definitions of a given inline
or constexpr must match exactly. INline and constexpr functions
normall are defined in headers.


6.5.3

A technique similar to header guards to conditionally execute
debugging code. The orogram will contain debugging code that is
executed only while the program is being developed. When the
application is completed and ready to ship, the debiggin code is
turned off.

- assert and NDEBUG

The assert preprocessor macro

assert is preprocessor macro. A preprocessor macro is a preprocessor
variable that acts somewhat like an inline function.

assert(expr);

exalutes expr and if the expression is false(zero), then assert writes
a messgae and terminates the program. If the expression is
true(non-zero), then assert does nothing.

The assertmacro is defined in the cassert header. Preprocessor names
are managed by the preprocessor not the compiler. we use the
preprocessor names directly and do not provide a using declaration for
them. Refer 'assert` not `std::assert` and provide no `using`
declaration for `assert`

As with preprocessor variable, macro names must be uniqu within the
program. Programs that include the `cassert` header may not define a
variable, function, or other entity named `assert`.

the `assert` macro is often used to check for ocnditions that cannot
happen. A programthat does some manipulation of input text might know
that all words it is given are always longer than threshold.

````c++
assert(word.size() > threshold);
````

The NDEBUG Preprocessor variable

The behavior of assert depends on the status of a preprocessor
variable named NDEBUG. If NDEBUG is defined, assert does nothing. By
default, NDEBUG is not defined, so by default, assert performs a
run-time check.

Can turn off debugging by providing a #define to define
NDEBUG. Alternatively, most compilers provide a command-line option
that lets us define preprocessor variable.

````c++
CC -D NDEBUG main.c # use /D with Microsoft compiler
````

has the same effect as writting #define NDEBUG at the begining of main.C

If NDEBUG is defined, avoid potential run0time overhead involved in
checking various condition. (No run time check) assert should be used
only to verify things that truly should not be possible. Useful as an
aid in getting a program debugged but should not be used to subtitute
for run time logic check or error checking that the program should do.

````c++ void

print(const int ia[], size_t size){
#ifndef NDEBUG
//__func__ is a local static defined by the compiler that holds the
//function name
cerr << __func __ << ": array size is" << size <<endl;
#endif }

````

Here we use a variable named `__funct__` to print the name of the
function we are debugging. The compiler defines __func__ in every
function. It is a local array of `const char` that holds the name of
the function.

`__func__`, the preprocessor defines four other names that can be
useful in debugging:

`__FILE__` string literal containing the name of the file
`__LINE__` integer literal containing the current line number
`__TIME__` string literal containing the time the file was compiled
`__DATE__` string literal containing the date the file was compiled

Example:

````c++

if(word.size() < threshold)
    cerr << "Error: " << __FILE__
         << " : in function " << __func__
	 << " at line " << __LINE__ <<endl
	 << "    Compiled on " <<__DATE__
	 << " at " << __TIME__ << endl
	 << "    Word read was \"" << word
	 << "\": Length too short" << endl;

````

if we given this program a string that is shorter than the threshold,
then the following error message will eb generated:

Error: wdebug.cc: in function main at line 27
       compiled on Jul 11 2012 at 20:50:03
       Word read was "foo": Length too short

6.6 FUNCTION MATCHING

It's not simple when the overload functions have the same number of
parameters and when one or more of the parameters have types that are
related by conversions.Consider the following function call:

````c++
void f();
void f(int);
void f(int,int);
void f(double,double = 3.14);
f(5.6); //calls void f(double, double)
````

Function matching identifies
1. set of overloaded functions considered for the call
   ( Candidate Functions ): a candidate function is a function with the
same name as the called function and for which a declaration is
visible at the point of the call.

2. Select from the set of candidate functions those functions that can
be called with the arguments in the given call. The selected functions
are the viable functions. Functions must have the same number of
parameters as there are arguments in the call, and the type of each
argument must match - or be convertiable to the type of its
corresponding parameter.

3. Determines which viable function provides the best match for the
call. Looks at each argument in the call and selects the viable
fucntion for which the corresponding parameter best matches the
argument. The closer the types of the argument and parameter are to
each other, the better match.

An exact match is better than a match that requires a conversion.


Function matching with multiple parameters

The match for each argument is no worse than the match required by any
other viable function.

There is at least one argument for which the match is better than the
match provided by any ohter viable function.

If after looking no single function that is preferable, then the call
is in error. Compiler complain that the call is ambiguous.


6.6.1

Compiler ranks the conversions that could be used to convert each
argument to the type of its corresponding parameter.
Conversions are ranked as follows:

1. An exact match. An exact match happens when:
   - The argument and parameter types are identical
   - The argument is converted from an array or function type to the
     corresponding pointer type.
   - A top-level const is added to or discarded from the argument.
2. Match through a const conversion
3. Match through a promotion
4. Match through an arithmetic or pointer conversion
5. Match through a class type conversion

Matches requiring promotion or arithmetic conversion

Promotions and conversions among the built-in types can yield
surprising results in the context of function matching. Fortunately,
well - designed systems rarely include functions with parameters as
closely related as those in the following examples.

Important to remember that the small integral types always promote to
int or to a larger integral type. Given two functions, one of which
takes an int and the other a short, the short version will eb caled
only on values of type short. Even though the smaller integral values
might appear to be a closer match, those values are promoted to int,
whereas calling the short version would require conversion.

All the arithmetic conversions are treated as equivalent to each
other. The ocnversion from int to unsigned int, does not take
precedence over the conversion from int to double.


````c++

void manip(long);
void manip(float);
manip(3.14); //error:ambiguour call

````

The literal 3.14 is a double. Can be converted to either long or
float. Since two possible arithmetic conversions, the call is
ambiguous.

Function matching and const arguments

When we call an overloaded function that differs on whether a
reference or pointer parameter refers or points to const, the compiler
uses the const ness of the argument to decide which function to call:

````c++
Record lookup(Account&);  //functino that takes a reference to account
Record lookup(const Account&) //new function that takes a const ref
const Account a;
Account b;
lookup(a); calls lookup(const Account&)
lookup(b); calls lookup(Account&)
````
First call
Can not bind a plain reference to a const object. 

Second call
Passing the nonconst object b. Both function are
visible. Use b to initialize a reference to either const forma
conconst object requires a conversion. The version tkaes a nonconst
parameter is an exact match for b. So nonconst version is preferred.


Pointers work in similiar way. If 2 functions differ only as to
whether a pointer parameter points to const or nonconst, the compiler
can distingish which function to call based on the constness of the
arguemnt.

Pointers to Functions

A function pointer denotes a function rather than an object. A
fucntion's type is determined by it's return type and the types of
it's parameter.

````c++
	//compares lengths of two strings
	bool lengthCompare(const string &, const string &);
````

To declare a pointer that can point at this function

````c++
	//pf points to a function returning bool that takes two
	//const string reference
	bool (*pf)(const string &, const string &);
````

pf is preceded by a *, so pf is a pointer. To the right is paramter
list, which means that pf points to a function. Look left, the type
the function returns is bool.

Parentheses around *pf are necessary. If it's omitted, then we declare
pf as a function that returns a pointer to bool.

// declares a function pg that returns a bool*
bool* pf(const string &, const string &)

##Using Function pointers

When use the name of a function as a value, the function is
automatically converted to a pointer.

````c++
//pf now points to the function named lengthCompare
pf = lengthCompare;
//equivalent assignment: address-of operator is optional
pf = &lengthCompare;
	
````

Can use a pointer to a function to call the functino to which the
pointer points. No need to deference the pointer

````c++

bool b1 = pf("hello","goodbye"); //calls lengthCompare;
bool b2 = (*pf)("hello", "goodbye"); //equivalent call;
bool b3 = lengthCompare("hello","goodbye") //equivalent call;

````

No conversion between pointers to one function type and pointers to
another function type. Can assign `nullptr` or zero base integer to
indicate that the pointer does not point to any function.

````c++

string::size_type sumlength(const string&, const string&);
bool cstringCompare(const char*, const char*);
pf = 0;			  //ok:: pf points to no function
pf = sumLength;		  //error:return type diff
pf = cstringCompare;	  //error:parameter type diff
pf = lengthCompare;	  //ok: function and pointer types match exactly
````

When use an overload function, the context must make it clear which
version is being used.

````c++
void ff(int*);
void ff(unsigned int);
void (*pf1)(unsigned int) = ff; //pf1 points to ff(unsigned)

````

compiler uses type of the pointer to determine which overload function
to use. Type of pointer must match one of the overload functions
exactly.

````c++

void (*pf2)(int) = ff; //error: no ff with a match parameter list
double (*pf3)(int*) = ff; //error: return type of ff and pf3 don't match

````

##Function Pointer Parameters

Cannot define parameters of function type but can have a parameter
that is a pointer to function.

Can write a parameter that looks like a function type, but it will be
treated as a pointer.

````c++

//third parameter is a function type and is automatically treated as a
//pointer to function.
void useBigger(const string &s1, const string &s2,
     		bool pf(const string &, const string &));
/*equivalent declaration: explicitly define the parameter
as a pointer to function*/
void useBigger(const string &s1, const string &s2,
     		 bool (*pf)(const string &, const string &));

````

Pass function as a argument, we can do so directly. it will be
automatically converted to a pointer

````c++
//automatically convers the function lengthCompare to a pointer to function
useBigger(s1,s2,lengthCompare);

````
Type alliases, along with `decltype`, simplify the code

````c++
//func and func2 have functino type
typedef bool Func(const string&, const string&);
typedef declytype(lengthCompare) Func2; //equivalent type

//FuncP and FuncP2 have pointer to functino type
typedef bool(*FuncP)(const string&, const string&);
typedef decltype(lengthCompare) *FuncP2; //equivalent type

````

Func and Func2 are function types, whereas FuncP and FuncP2 are
pointer types. decltype returns the function type; the automatic
conversion to pointeris not done. Because decltype returns a function
type, if we want a pointer we must add the * ourselves. We can
redeclare useBigger using any of there types:

````c++
//equivalent declarations of useBigger using type Aliases
void useBigger(const string&, const string&, Func);
void useBigger(const string&, const string&, FuncP2);

````

# Returning a Pointer to Function

As with arrays, can't return a function type but can return a pointer
to a function type. Must write the return type as a pointer type; the
compiler will not auto matically treat a function return type as the
correspoinding pointer type. As with array returns, by far the easiest
way to declare a function that returns a pointer to function is by
using a type alias.

````c++
//Using type alias declarations
using F = int(int*, int); //F is a function type, not a pointer
using PF = int(*)(int*, int); //PF is a pointer type

````

Return type is not automatically converted to a pointer type. the
return type is not automatically converted to a pointer type. We must
explicitly specify that the return type is a pointer type:

````c++

PF f1(int); //ok: PF is a pointer to function; f1 returns a pointer to func
F f1(int);  //error: F is a function type; f1 can't return a function
F *f1(int); //ok: explicitly specify that the return type is a pointer to fun

````
of course, we can also declare f1 directly,

````c++
int (*f1(int))(int*,int);
````

Read from the inside out, f1 has a parameter list, so f1 is
function. f1 is preceded by a * fo f1 return a pointer. The type of
that pointer itself has a parameter list, so the pointer points to a
function. The function return an int.

Simplify declarations of functions that return pointers to function by
using a trailing return.

````c++
auto f1(int) -> int(*)(int*,int);

````

#Using auto or decltype for Function Pointer Types

Use `decltype` to simplify writing a functino pointer return type, if
knowning which functions we want to return.

Assume with two fucntions, both return a `string::size_type` and have
two `const string&` parameters. Can write a third function that takes
a string parameter and returns a pointer to one of these two functions
as follows:

````c++

string::size_t sumLength(const string&, const string&);
string::size_t largerLength(const string&, const string&);

//depending on the value of its string parameter,
//getFen returns a pointer to sumLength or to largerLength
decltype(sumLength) *getFcn(const string &);

````

Remember that when we apply decltype to a function, it returns a
function type, not a pointer to function type. Must add a * to
indicate that we are returning a pointer, not a function.

Zzzzzzxxx