#7 Class

Fundamental ideas behind classes

-Data Abstraction : programming technique that relies on separation of
 inteeface and implementation.
 	   - interface : operations that user of the calss can execute
	   - implementation: data member, bodies of functions , any
	     functions that need to define the class that are not
	     intended for general use.
-Encapsulation : enforce separation of a class interface and implementation
A class that is encapsulate hides it's implementation - users of the
class can use intface but have no access to the implementation

A class that uses data abstraction and encapsulation defines an
abstract data type.
Class designer worries about how class is implementation
Programmer who use the class need not know how the type works.

# 7.1 Defining Abstract Data Type

## 7.1.2 Defining the Revised Sales_data Class

Introducing this

````c++
std:: string isbn() const {return bookNo};
````

total.isbn();  -> returning total.bookNo.

member functions access the object on which they were called through
an extra implicit parameter. this is initialized with the address of
the object on which the function was invoked.

the compiler passes the address of toal to implicit this parameter in
isbn.
total.isbn()  -> Sales_data::isbn(&total);

Inside member function, refer directly to the members of the object on
the function was called.

Direct use of a member is assumed to be an implicit reference through
this.  this -> bookNo.

Legal but unnessessary, this is a const pointer, can not change the
address.

````c++
std::string isbn() const { return this-> bookNo; }
````

#Introduction const Member Function

The const keyword that follow the parameter list. The purpose of that
const is to modify the type of the implicit this pointer.

`this` is a `const` pointer to the non`const` version of the class type.

type of this in a Sales_data is Sales_data *const.

We cannot bind `this` to a `const` object. means that we cannot call
an ordinary member function on a `const` object.

If isbn were an ordinary function and if this were an ordinary pointer
parameter, we would declare `this` as const Sales_data *const. the
body of isbn doesn;t change the object to which this points, so our
function would be more flexible if `this` were a pointer to `const`.

Since `this` is implicit and does not appear in the parameter
list. There is no place to indicate that this should be a pointer to
const. The language resloved this by letting us put `const` after the
parameter list of a member function. A `const` following the parameter
list indicates that `this` is a pointer to `const`. Member functions
that use `const` this wat are const member functions.

````c++
//psuedo-code illustration of how the implicit this pointer is use
//this code is illegal: we may not explicitly define the this pointer
//ourselves note that this is a pointer to const because isbn is a
//const member
std::string Sales_data::isbn(const Sales_data *const this)
{return this->isbn; }

````

`this` is a pointer to `const` means that `const` member functions
cannot change the object on which they are called. isbn may be called
but not write to the data members of the objects on which it is
called.

Object that are const, and references or pointers to const objects,
may call only const member functions.

#Class Scope and Member Functions

The compiler processes classes in two steps, the member declarations
are compiled first, after thich the member function bodies are
processed. <e,ber function bodies may use other members of their class
regardless of where in the class those members appear.

#Defining a Member Function outside the Class

Member definition must match it;s declaration.
-Return type
-Parameter list,
-Name must match the declaration in the class nody

Name of a member defined outside the class must include the name of
the class of which it is a member.

````c++
double Sale_data::avg_price() const{
       if (units_sold){
       	  return revenue/units_sold;
       }else{
	  return 0;	
       }
}
````

Sales_data::avg_price, uses the scope operator says we are defining
the function avg_price that is declared in the scope of the sales_data
class.

`revenue` and `uniteds_sold` implicitly referring to the members of Sales_data.

#Defining a function to return "this" Object

````c++
Sales_data& Sales_data::combine(const Sales_data & rhs){
 units_sold += rhs.units_sold; //add the members of rhs into
 revenue += rhs.revenue;       //the members of this object
 return *this;  //return the object on which the function was called
}

total.combine(trans);
````

address of total is bound to the implicit parameter and rhs is bound
to trans.

When defining a function that operates like a built-in operator, our
function should mimic the behavior of that operator. The build-in
assignment operators return thier left-hand operand as an lvalue. To
return an lvalue, our combine function must return a
reference. Because the left-hand operand is a Sales data object, the
return type is Sales data&.

Use *this to access the object as a whole.

## 7.1.3 Defining Nonmember class-related functions

Functions that are conceptually part of a class, but not defined
inside the class, are typically declared (but not defined) in the same
header as the class itself.

#Defineing the read and print Function

````c++

istream &read(istream& is,Sales_data &item){
	double price = 0;
	is>>item.bookNo>>item.units_sold>>price;
	item.revenue = price * item.units_sold;
	return is;
}

ostream &print(ostream &os, const Sales_data &item){
  os << item.isbn() << " " << item.units_sold << " "
     << item.revenue << " " << item.avg_price();
  return os;
}

````

Both read and write take a reference to their respective IO class
types. The IO classes are types that cannot be copied, so we may only
pass them by reference.

`print` does not print a newline. Finction that do output should do
minimal formatting. That way user code can decide whether the newline
is needed.

#Defining the add Function

````c++
Sales_data add(const Sales_data & lhs, const Sales_data &rhs){
 Sales_data sum = lhs;
 sum.combine(rhs);
 return sum;
}
````

##7.14 Constructors

Classes control object initialization by defining one or more special
member functions known as constructors.
-Initialize the data members of a class object.
-Same name as the class, no return type

Constructor may not be declared as `const`. When we create a const
object of a class type, the object deos not assume it "constness"
until after the constructor completes the object's
initialization. Constructor can write to `const` objects during their
construction.

The Synthesized Default Constructor

Classes control default initialization by defining a special
constructor, Default constructor. It takes no arguments.

The compiler-generated constructor is known as the **synthesized default constructor**. 
Initial each member data member of the class as follows:
- If there is an in-class initializer, use it to initialize the meber
- Otherwise, default-initialize the member

**Some Classess Cannot rely on the Synthesized Default Constructor**


A class must swfinw it's own default constructor is that the compiler
generates the default for us only if we do not define any other
constructors for the class.

Basic rule if a class requires control to initialize an object in one
case, then the class is likely to require control in all cases.

Objects of built-in or compound type (aray and pointers) have
undefined value when they are default initialized.

Calsses that have members of built-in type or compound type should
ordinarily either initialize those members inside the class or define
their own version of the dault constructor.

A class that has a member that has a class type, and that class
doesn't have a dafault constructor, then compiler can't initialize
that member.


````c++
Sales_data() = default;
Sales_data(const std::string &s,unsigned n, double p): bookNo(s),
		 units_Sold(n), revenue(p*n) {}
Sales_data(std::istream &);
string isbn() const {return bookNo; }
Sales_data& combine(const Sales_data&);
double avg_price() const;
std::string bookNo;
unsigned units_sold = 0;
double revenue = 0.0;
````

#What = default mens
Sales_data() = default;

Want this constructor to do exactly the same work as the synthesized
version we had been using.

Ask the compiler to generate the constructr for us by writting =
dafault adter the parameter list.

Appear with the declaration inside the class body or on the definition
outside the class body.

Inside the class, function are inline, if outside the definition of
the class the member will not be inlined by default.

Inline reduced overhead.

#Constructor Initializer List

Specfies initial values for one or more data members of the object
being created.

Is a list of member names, each of which is followed by that members
initial value in parentheses ( or inside curly braces.) Multiple
member initializations are separated by commas.

````c++
//Does not explicitly initialize the units_sold and revenue members.
Sales(const std::string &s): bookNo(s){}
//is the same as
Sales_data(const std::string &s): bookNo(s), units_sold(0)
		 	     	  revenue(0) {}

Sales_data(const std::string &s,unsigned n, double p): bookNo(s),
		 units_Sold(n), revenue(p*n) {}
````

When member is omitted form constructor initializer list, it is
implicity initialized using the same process as is used by the
sythesized default constructor. 


Best for a constructor to use as in-class initializer if one exist and
gives the member the correct value.

Constuctors shoud not override in - class initializers except to use a
different initial value. If you can;t use in-class initializers, each
constructor should explicitly initialize every member of built-in
type.

Constructor that takes an istream does have work to do.

````c++
Sales_data::Sales_data(std::istream &is){
  read(is, * this);
}

````

Defining Sales_data member named Sales_data. Same name as class.

Members that do not appear in the constructor initializer list are
initialized by the corresponding in-class initalizer or are default
initialized. Meaning when the function body starts executing, bookNo
will be empty string units_sold and revenue will be 0.

##Copy, Assignment, and Destruction

Classes also control what happen when we copy, assign, or destroy
objects of the class type. OBject are copy when initialize a variable
or pass or return an object by value. Objects are assigned when we use
the assignment operator, object are destoryed when they cease to
exist, such as when a local object is destoryed on exit from the block
in which it was created.

Compiler will synthesize them for us, if it's not defined.

##Some class cannot rely on the synthesized versions

Synthesized versions are unlikely to work correctly for classes that
allocate resources that reside outside the class objects
themselves.Like dynamic memories.

Classes needed dynamic memory can use a `vector` or a `string` to
manage the necessary storage. Classes that use vectorand string avoid
the complexities involved in allocating and deallocting memory.

#7.2 Access Control and Encapsulation

Access Specifiers to enforce encapsulation
-`Public` are accessible all oart of the program
       Define the interface to the class	  
-`private` are accessible to the member functions of the class
       Encapsulate the implementation

##`class` or `struct` keyword

`struct` members defined before the first access specifier are `public`
`class` then the members are private

##Friends

A class can allow another class or function to access its non`public`
members by making that class or function a `friend`. a class makes a
functino it's friend by including a declaration for that function
preceded by the keyword `friend`.

````c++
class Sales_data{
friend Sales_data add(const Sales_data&, const Sales_data&);
friend std::istream &read(std::istream&, Sales_data&);
friend std::ostream &print(std::ostream&, const Sales_data&);
}
````

Friend declarations may appear only inside a class definition. friends
are not members of the class and are not affected by the access
control of the section in which they are declared.

Benefits of Encapsulation Two important adventages:

-User code cannot inadvertently corrupt the state of an encapsulated
 object.
-The implementation of an encapsulated class can change over time
without requiring changes in user-level code.

Defining data members as `private`, class author is free to make
changes in the data. If implementation changes, only the class code
needs to be examined to see what effect the change may have. User code
needs to change only when the interface changes.

Data are protected form msitakes that users might introduce. If there
is a bug that corrupts an object state, the places to look for the bug
are localized: Only code that is part of the implementation could be
responsible for the error. The search for the mistake is limited,
greatly easing the problems of maintenance and program correctness.

##Declarations for Friends

A friend declaration only specifies access. Not declaration of the
function. To make a friend visible to users of the class we usually
declare each friend in the same header as the class itself.

Thus Sales_data header should provide separate declaration for read,
print, add.


#7.3 Additional Class Features

##Defining a Type Member

In addition to defining data and function members, a class can define
it's own local names for types. Type names defined by a class are
subject to the same access control as any other member and may be
either `public` or `private`.

````c++
class Screen{
public:
	typedef std::string::size_type pos;
private:
	pos cursor = 0;
	pos height = 0, width = 0;
	std::string contents;
};
````

Defined `pos` in the `public` part of `Screen` because we want users
to use that name.Users of Screen should't know that `Screen` uses a
string to hold it's data.. By defining `pos` as a public member, we
can hide this detail of how Screen is implemented.

````c++
class Screen{
public:
	//alternative way to declare a type member using a type alias
	using pos = std::string::size_type;
}
````

Unlike ordinary members, members that define types must appear before
they are used. As a result, type members usually appear at the
begining of the class.

````c++
class Screen{
public:
	typedef std::string::size_type pos;
	Screen() = default;
	//Needed because Screen has another constructor
	//cursor initalized to 0 by it's in-class initializer
	Screen(pos ht, pos wd, char c): height(ht),width(wd),
		       	       	    	content(ht*wd,c) {}
	char get() const //get the character at the cursor
	     {return contents[cursor];} //implicitly inline
	inline char get(pos ht, pos wd) const //explicitly inline
	Screen &move(pos r, pos c); //can be made inline later
private:
	pos cursor = 0;
	pos height = 0, width = 0;
	std::string contents;
};
````

Because we are providing a constructor, the compiler will not generate
a default constructor for us. If our class is to have a default
constrctor, we must say so explicitly. In this case, we use = default
to ask the compiler to synthesize the default constructor's
definition.

Second Constructor implicitly uses the in-class initalizer for the
`cursor` member. If our class did not have an in-class initializer for
`cursor`, we would have explicitly initialized `cursor` along with the
other members.

#Making Member inline

Classes often have small functions that can benefit from being
inlined. Member functions defined inside the class are automatically
`inline`.

#Overloading Member Function

As with nonmember functions, member functions may be overloaded as
long as the functions differ by the number and/or types of parameters.

#Mutable Data Members

A mutable data member is never const, even when it is a member of a
const object. Accordingly, a const member function may change a
mutable member.

````c++
class Screen{
public:
    void some_member() const;
private:
    mutable size_t access_ctr; //may change even in a const object
};
void Screen::some_member() const{
    ++access_ctr; //keep a count of the calls to any member function
}
````

Despite the fact that some_member is a `const` member function, it can
change the value of access_ctr.

#Initializers for Data Members of Class Type

Under the new standard, the best way to specify this default value is
as an in-class initializer.

````c++
class Window_mgr{
private:
   //screens this window-mgr is tracking
   //by default, a window-mgr has one standard sized blank screen
   std::vector<Screen> screens{Screen(24,80, ' ') };
};
````

When we initalize a member of class type, we are supplying arguments
to a constructor of that member's type. In -class initializers must
use either the `=` form of initialization (which we used when we
initialized or the direct form of initialization using curly braces.

#7.3.2 Functions That Return *this

````c++
class Screen{
public:
    Screen &set(char);
    Screen &set(pos,pos,char);
};
inline Screen &Screen::set(char){
    contents[cursor] = c;  //set the new value at the current cursor location
    return *this           //return this object as an lvalue
}
inline Screen &Screen::set(pos r, pos col, char ch){
    contents[r*width + col] = char; set specified location to given value
    retrn *this //return this object as an lvalue
}
````

Functions that return a reference aare lvalues, which means that they
return the object itself, not a copy of the object. If we concatenate
a sequence of these actions into a single expression:

````c++
    //move the cursor to a given position, and set that character
    myScreen.move(4,0).set('#');
````

Operations will execute on the same object.
````c++
    //Equivalent
    myScreen.move(4,0);
    myScreen.set('#');
````

Had we defined move and set to return Screen, rather than Screen&,
this statement would execute quite differently.

````c++
//if move return Screen not Screen&
Screen temp = myScreen.move(4,0);
temp.set('#'); //the contents inside myScreen would be unchanged.
````

#Returning *this from a const Member Function

Logically displaying a screen doesn't change the object ,so we should
make display a const member. If display is a const member, then `this`
is a pointer to `const` and `*this` is a const object. Hence, the
return type of `dusplay` must be const Sales_data&. However, if
display returns a reference to `const`, we won't be able to embed
display into a series of action.

A `cosnt` member function that returns *this as reference should have a return type that is a reference to `const`.

#Overloading Based on const

We can overload a function based on whether a pointer parameter points
to 'const'. The nonconst version will not be viable for `const`
objects; we can only call `const` member functions on a const
object. We can call either version on a nonconst object, but the
nonconst version will be better match

````c++
class Screen{
public:
 //display overloaded on whether the object is const or not
 Screen &display(std::ostream &os){
    do_display(os); return *this;
 }

 const Screen &display(std::ostrea, &os) const{
    do_display(os); return *this;
 }
private:
 //function to do the work of displaying a Screen
 void do_display(std::ostream &os) const {
      os << contents;
 }
};
````

As in any other context, when one member calls another the `this`
pointer is passes implicitly.

When one member calls another the `this` pointer is passes
implicitly. When display calls do_display, its own this pointer is
implicityle passed to do_display. When the nonconst version of display
calls do_display, its this pointer is implicitly converted from a
pointer to nonconst to a pointer to const.

When do_display completes, the display function each return the object
on which they execute by dereferencing this. In te nonconst version,
this points to a nonconst object, so that version of display returns
an ordinary reference, the ocnst member returns a reference to const.

````c++
Screen myscreen(5,3);
const Screen blank(5,3);
myScreen.set('#').display(cout); //calls non const version
blank.display(cout);             //calls const version
````

Advice: Use Private Utility Functions for Common Code
- A general desire to avoid writing the same code in more than one place.
- We expect that the display operation will become more complicated as
  our class evolves. As the actions involved become more complicated,
  it makes more obvious sense to write those actions in one place, not
  two.
- It is likely that we might want to add debugging information to
  do_display during development that would be eliminated in the final
  product version of the code. It will be easier to do so if only one
  definition of do_display needs to be changed to add or remove the
  debugging code.
- There needn't be any overhead involved involved in this extra
  function call. We defined do_display inside the class body, so it is
  implicitly `inline`. Thus, there likely be no run-time overhead
  associating with calling do_display.

In practice, well-designed c++ program tend to have lots of small
functions such as do_display that are called to do the "real" work of
some other set of functions.

#7.3.3 Class Types

Every class defines a unique type.

We can refer to a class type directly, by using the class name as a
type name. Alternatively, we can use the class name following the
keyword class or struct.

````c++
Sales_data item1;       //Default-initialized object of type Sales_data
class Sales_data item1; //equivalent declaration
````

Second method is inherited from C and is also valid in C++.

We can declare a class without defining it:
`class Screen //declaration of the screen class`

Refered to as a forward declaration, introduces the name screen into
the program and indicated that screen refer to a class type. After a
declaration and before a definition is seen, the type Screen is an
incomplete type- it's known that screen is a class type but not known
what members that type contains.

Limited Way to use:
*Define pointers or references to such types,
*Declare functions that use an incomplete type as a parameter or
 return type.

Class must be defined, otherwise the compiler does not know how much
storage suck objects need. The class must be defined before a
reference or pointer is used to access a member of the type. After
all, if the class has not been defined, the compiler can't know what
members the class has.

Data members can be specificed to be of a class type only if the class
has been defined. Type must be complete because the compiler needs to
know how much storage the data member requires. A class is not defined
until its class body is complete, a class cannot have data members of
it's own type. A class is considered declared as soon as it's class
name has been seen. A class can have data members that are pointers or
reference to it's own type.

````c++
class Link_screen{
 Screen window;
 Link_screen *next;
 Link_screen *prev;
};
````

#7.3.4 Friendship Revisited

A class can also make another class it's friend or it can declare
specific member functions of another class as friends. In addition, a
friend function can be defined inside the class body.

Friendship between Classes

````c++
class Screen{
  //Window-mgr members can access the private parts of class Screen
  friend class Window_mgr;
  //....rest of the Screen class
};
````

The member functions of a friend class can access all the mebers,
including the non-public members, of the class granting friendship.

````c++
class Window_mgr{
public:
    //location ID for each screen on the window
    using ScreenIndex = std::vector<Screen>::size_type;
    //reset the Screen at the given position to all blanks
    void clear(ScreenIndex);
private:
    std::vector<Screen> screens{Screen(24,80, ' ')};
};
void Window_mgr::clear(ScreenIndex i){
  //s is a reference to the Screen we want to clear
  Screen &s = screens[i];
  s.contents = string(s.height*s.width,' ');
}
````

#Making A member Function a Friend

Declare a member function to be a friend, we myst specify the class of
which that function is a member.

````c++
class Screen{
      // Window_mgr::clear must have been declared before class Screen
      friend void Window_mgr::clear(ScreenIndex);
};    

````

Making a member function a friend requires requires careful
structuring of our programs to accommodate interdependencies among the
declarations and definitions. In this example, we must order our
program as followings:

- First, define the Window_mgr class, which declares, but cannot
  define, clear. Screen must be declared before `clear` can use the
  members of Screen.
- Next, define class Screen, including a friend declaration for clear.
- Finally, define clear, which can now refer to the members in Screen.

Overleaded Functions and Friendship

A class must declare as a friend each function in a set of overleaded
fucntions that it wished to make a friend:

````c++
extern std::ostream& storeOn(std::ostream&, screen&);
extern BitMap& storeOn(BitMap&, screen &);
class Screen{
//ostream version fo storeOn may access the private parts of Screen object
friend std::ostream& storeOn(std::ostream&, screen&);
};
````

Class screen makes the version of storeOn that takes an ostream& its
friend. The version that takes a BitMap& has no special access to
screen

Friend Declarations and Scope

Classes and nonmember functions need not have been declared before
they are used in a friend declatation. When a name first appear in a
friend declaration, the name is implicitly assumed to be part of the
surrounding scope. However, the friend itself is not actually declared
in that scope.

````c++

struct X{
   friend void f(){ /*friend function can be defined in the class body*/}
   x() { f(); } //error: no declaration for f
   void g();
   void h();
};

void X::g() {return f(); } //error f hasn't been declared
void f();                  //declares the function defined inside X
void X::h() {return f(); } //ok:declaration for f is not in scope

````

# 7.4 Class Scope

We access type members from the class using the scope operator. The
name that follows the operator must be a member of the associated
class.

````c++
Screen::pos ht = 24, wd = 80; //use the pos type defined by screen
Screen scr(ht, wd, ' ');
Screen *p = &scr;
char = scr.get(); //fetsches the get member from the object scr
c = p->get();    //fetches the get member from the object to which p
points
````

##SCope and Members Defined OutSide the class

A class is a scope explains why we must provide the class name as well
as the function name when we define a member function outside it's
class. Outside of the class, the names of the members are hidden.

Once the class name is seen, the remainder of the definition -
including the parameter list and the function body - is in scope of
the class.

Refering to other class members without qualification.

````c++
void Window_mgr::clear(ScreenIndex i){
     screen &s = screens[i];
     s.contents = string(s.height * s.width, ' ');
}
````

The compiler sees the parameter list after noting that we are in the
scope of class WindowMgr.

The return type of a function normall appears before the function's
name. When a meber function is defined outside the class body, any
name used in the return type is outside the clas scope. As a result,
the return type must specify the class of which it is a member.

````c++
class Window_mgr{
      public:
	ScreenIndex addScreen(const Screen&);
};
Window_mgr::ScreenIndex Windoe_mgr::addScreen(const Screen &s){
  screens.push_back(s)
  return screen.size() - 1;
}
````

#7.4.1 Name Lookup and Class Scope

name lookup (the process of finding which declarations match the use
of a name)

-First, look for a declaration of the name in the block in which the
name was used. Only names declared before the use are considered.
-If the name isn't ffound,look in the enclosing scope(s)
-If no declaration is found, then the program is in error.

Name are resloved inside member functions defined inside the class may
seem to behave differently than these lookup rules.

Appearance are deceiving. Class definitions are processed in two
phases:

-First,the member declaarations are compiled.
-Function bodies are compiled only after the entire class has been seen.

Member function definitions are processed after the compiler processes
all of the declarations in the class.

This two-phase way to make it easier to organize class code. Because
member function bodies are not processed until the entired class.

##Name Lookup for Class Member Declarations

This two-step process applies only to names used in the body of a
member function.  Names used in declarations, including names used for
the return type and types in the parameter list, must be seen before
they are used.

If a member declaration uses a name that has not yet been seen inside
the clas the compiler will look for that name in the scope in which
the clas is defined.

````c++
typedef double Money;
string bal;
class Account{
public:
  Money balance() {return bal; }
private:
Money bal;
};

````
##Type Names are Special

An innner scope can redefine a name from an outer scope even if that
name has already been used in the inner scope. In a class, if a member
uses a name from an outerscope and that name is a type, then the clas
may not subsequently redefine that name:

````c++
typedef double Money;
class Account{
public:
 Money balance(){ return bal; } //use Money from outer scope
private:
 typedef double Money; //error: cannot redefine Money
};

Even though teh definition of Money inside Account used the same type
as the definition in the outer scope. the code is still in error.

Although is is an error to redefinie a type name, compiler are not
required to diagnose this error. Some compiler will accept such code.

Definitions of type names usually appear at the begining of a
class. That way any member that useds that type will be seen after the
type name has already been defined.

#7.5 Constructors Revisited

When definite variable, we typically initialize them immediately
rather than defining them and then assigning to them:

If we do not explicitly initialize a member in the constructir
initializer list, that member is default initalized before the
constructor body starts executing.

#Constructor initializers are sometimes required

Ignore the distinction between whether a member is initialized or
assigned.

Members that are const or references must be initialized. Similarly,
members that are of a class type that does not define a default
constructor also must be initialized.

````c++
class ConstRef{
public:
  ConstRef(int ii);
private:
  int i;
  const int ci;
  int &ri;
};

//error: ci and ri must be initialized
ConstRef::ConstRef(int ii){
 i = ii; //ok
 ci = ii; //error: can not assign to a const
 ri = i;  // error: ri was never initialized
}

````

By the time the body of the constructor begin executing,
initialization is complete. ONly chance to initialize const or
reference data members is in the constructor initializer.

````c++
//ok:explicitly initialize reference and const member
ConstRef::ConstRef(int ii): i(ii), ci(ii), ri(i) {}
````

#Order of Member Initialization

Members are initialized in the order in which they appear in the class
definition: The first member is initialized first, then the next, and
so on. The order in which initializers appear in the constructor
initializer list does not change the order of initialization.

````c++
class X {
      int i;
      int j;
public:
	// undefined: i is initialized before j
	X(int val): j(val), i(j) { }
	//No need to worry about member initialization
	X(int val): i(val), j(val) { }
};

````

i is initialized first. The effect of this initializer is to
initialize i whith the undefined value of j.

Best Practices: Write Constructor initializers in the same order as
the members are declared. Avoid using members to initialize other member.

#7.5.2 Delgating Constructors

A delegating constructor uses another constructor from its own class
to perform its initialization. It is said to "delegate" some (or all)
of its work to this other constructor.

